Banner Mountain Lookout Firewise Community Observations:* There are 72 parcels in the community, 16 of which are undeveloped. 3 of the parcels are for the Banner Mountain Lookout and associated development. There may be a few parcels with more than one home and there are many outbuildings. One parcel has an occupied mobile home in addition to the main home. * Most of the structures have combustible siding and asphalt shingle roofs. All seem to have metal gutters.* Impacts to the neighborhood from fire likely to be very much influenced by vegetation. Forest Cover in the neighborhood and surrounding areas is mixed conifer with primarily ponderosa pine, Douglas-fir, and incense cedar. There is also a mix of hardwoods. Many of the residents have completed commendable vegetation hazard reduction.  However, most parcels would benefit from additional work and there is dense vegetation on parcels bordering most of the community. Some of the homes still have vegetation in the 0-5Õ zone and in the remaining zones out to 100Õ. On some larger parcels there is heavier vegetation in the areas beyond 100Õ that in a wind driven fire could impact homes on those parcels as well as other parts of the community. There is also roadside vegetation in areas along several of the streets, some of it heavy and a potential threat during evacuation.  * Banner Mountain Lookout is surrounded by communities that are also forested and have varied levels of vegetation removal and housing density. In addition, there is a large block of forestland owned by the Bear Yuba Land Trust that has had little or no hazard reduction vegetation removal. All these adjacent lands represent a potential threat to the Banner Mountain Lookout community in a wildfire event. * The entire community is tributary to Banner Lava Cap Road, some with direct driveway access. Evacuation of the community in an emergency would be to that road and then going either west or east. Once on Banner Lava Cap Road ,evacuation options are still limited. Many streets in the community are narrow, but most can handle two-way traffic. * The community has a good start in organizing and having a community communication network via email, phone/text and a community website. * 